[THEME MUSIC]
>>JAY WEIDNER: Jason,
thanks for joining us.
>>JASON RICE: Oh, thank
you for having me, Jay.
>>JAY: A lot of people
are commenting on time,
and going backwards,
and new timelines,
and they don't
quite understand it.
But I want you to reiterate
how it works in detail.
>>RICE: Certainly.
The 20 and Back Program is
based on removing a person
from their everyday,
regular life
and putting them
into a space program,
or a classified
project, or something
other than their normal life.
They continue living
their 20 years just
like everybody else in
their initial origin life.
And at the end of that 20-year
period, the bifurcation point,
the separation from the original
timeline, the person that
is on their 20 and Back
gets age regressed back
to the age they
were physically when
they started with the Secret
Space Program, for example.
And they're age regressed and
then sent back through time
to the time period
that they left
their initial original timeline.
For instance, you have a
single line representing time
even though time is not linear.
The split comes when I am
living on this initial timeline
with the rest of my family.
It splits, and my existence
goes and does other things.
The rest of my
family and everybody
else continues on with
their original course,
the original time.
I am also living out 20 years
parallel to everybody else.
>>JAY: Right.
>>RICE: At the end of
that 20-year period,
I circle back to the point I
originally split from and get
reinserted at that point.
So the 20 years that
I lived parallel
are still valid, still there,
but it ends and returns
to the initial separation point.
>>JAY: So therefore, the 20
years that your family lived
didn't exist.
>>RICE: Without me, yes.
Or is it in a different
plane and still there?
>>JAY: Probably that.
>>RICE: There's
questions to that.
And I think that our
understanding of time, space,
and space-time is
one that's growing.
And with full disclosure,
and the technologies,
and the science, and
the math, and everything
that comes with
that, I think we'll
have a better understanding of
what space-time time space is.
>>JAY: Well, I hope
that clears things up
for people because it
is a difficult subject
to understand.
>>RICE: It is.
It is a hard concept to grasp--
and a paradox.
>>JAY: You talked about that
in your hypnosis session.
Let's see what you said.
>>RICE: He talked
about the 20 and Back.
>>HYPNOTIST: About the--
>>RICE: He told us
that we would all be
able to go serve for 20 years.
>>HYPNOTIST: Mhm.
>>RICE: And then at the
end of that service,
we would be returned
back to the original time
and place that we
got our orders.
And they went
through the numbers,
showed us a chart and a graph.
Here's how much
you'll be making.
Here's how much we'll be
taking out for your care.
And at the end of
your 20-year period,
you should have $465,000 that
you'll be taking with you.
>>HYPNOTIST: Mhm.
>>RICE: [CHUCKLES]
We were all fools.
They told us that we
would be age regressed.
And after seeing the technology,
and being injected with it,
and being physically
changed, I had no doubts
that they'd be able
to age regress me.
>>HYPNOTIST: Mhm.
>>RICE: They didn't tell
you if you survived.
A lot of them didn't.
>>JAY: All right, let's
go back to our chronology.
>>RICE: OK.
>>JAY: The last time we
visited, you were telling us
about they had made you sign
a whole lot of documents,
and then you joined
something called IDARF.
>>RICE: The Interplanetary
Defense and Reaction Forces
were a unit that was border
patrol, used for assistance
on other planets.
However, there were a number of
training exercises and training
periods that we
spent here on Earth.
One of them was in
Antarctica, another one
is in the South Pacific.
But those were some of the
final exams, if you will.
>>JAY: So now let's
go back to that day.
You're now-- you're done with
your meeting with the captain.
What happens next?
>>RICE: What happens next is he
shows me to my quarters, which
turns out to be very similar
to a hotel room, any hotel
room across the world
that you'd walk into.
It has a bed, a closet, a
small bathroom, a dresser,
a bedside table, a lamp--
just your basics, no
windows, no TV, no radio.
>>JAY: No computer?
>>RICE: No computer.
>>JAY: Interesting.
>>RICE: So I'm shown to my room.
And I walk in, and the
captain says, see you later,
and leaves me with
my stack of manuals
and new uniforms
and new equipment.
>>JAY: Manuals?
What are these manuals?
>>RICE: It's basically
the instruction books.
>>JAY: For weapons.
>>RICE: For everything.
>>JAY: For everything.
>>RICE: Everything, be it land
mines, or area denial field
generators, or your plasma
rifle, your pulse pistol,
any number of things.
Well, it was about
11 o'clock at night
by the time I made
it to my quarters.
I was mentally just wiped out.
And so I took a shower, and
then came and pushed everything
off the bed, and crawled
in bed, and went to sleep.
I woke up the next morning.
I had a very fitful
night's sleep.
I think a lot of it
had to do with the fact
that it was not the Schumann
resonance in the background,
and my body physically wasn't
used to that atmosphere
or that environment.
I got up early the next morning
and went to look for, OK,
how am I going to shave?
And how am I going
to brush my teeth?
And I found something
that was referred
to as a nanite
epilation equipment.
And I knew what epilation
was, but I had no idea
at the time what nanites were.
This is 1996, and so it was long
before it became a common term.
>>JAY: Right.
>>RICE: So I found the manual.
And after reading
through it, it explained
that it uses a binary
compound that when
combined activates
nanites that when
applied through this device
dissolves the follicle
of the hair without water.
And so when you're
finished, you take a towel,
and you wipe, and the remaining
hair just wipes right off,
smooth, lasts for about-- they
said it lasted for 45 days.
Mine, because of
my hair follicles
and how thick they
are, lasted about 30.
But supposedly, it lasted--
I was amazed.
And unbelievable--
where is this?
Why didn't we ever
see this before?
Again, it was another product
of the Secret Space Program.
They specifically
used it to save water.
Shipboard, you don't have
a lot of water to use.
You don't need water to use it.
Same thing applies to
the next item on my list
that I had to find,
which was the toothbrush.
It was just, again, a
binary component cream
that was in a tube
similar to what we use.
And it has a special
fitting at the end of it
that releases a very specific
amount of each compound
into a chamber where it mixes.
And it tasted like chalk.
It felt like there
wasn't enough of it.
But after 30 minutes
or so, my teeth
felt like they'd just been
cleaned at the dentist.
And again, don't need water,
don't need to use water.
You don't have to produce
waste water because
of a need for the hygiene--
another shipboard convenience
that they had to consider.
>>JAY: OK, so now you've
got your-- you're shaved,
and you brushed your teeth.
And it's your second
day in the Secret Space
Program, second time around.
>>RICE: Yep.
>>JAY: What happened next?
>>RICE: I went in
search of my uniform
because I wasn't about to put
on my BDUs from the day before.
And I found that the new
uniform had a digicam pattern,
and it had a V-shaped pattern
for the name tag and the unit.
Underneath the wrist area on
each forearm was another pouch.
It was part of the
medical kits that we
wore as part of the feedback
system between our computer
systems and the medical
systems that we wore.
The pants and the blouse
both had a liner in it.
And the liner, it was
a holographic material.
And it's got a hologram in it.
Well, except this
was a material.
And it was also the thinnest
material that I'd ever held.
It was tough.
It was rugged.
>>JAY: Well, now you got
your nice new uniform.
>>RICE: Yep.
>>JAY: Were you hungry?
>>RICE: It was about that time.
So I did my morning exercises,
and stretched, and made my way
to the cafeteria.
>>JAY: What did you
find in the cafeteria?
>>RICE: I walked
in, and, well, there
were these what looked like
stainless steel shelves.
It had an overhang
above it, and it
had borders about
3-inches wide on the side,
and the top also had about
a 3-inch-deep border.
And there was a single--
looked like a black, painted,
square button, three of them.
So I walked over to the closest
one and put my finger on it.
And humming started, and
then a faint, misty light
appeared right below it.
And then in front of my eyes, I
saw a bowl with butter appear.
So I knew what I'd just done.
I'd just used my
first replicator.
And so that's what all
these other bays were.
And so, of course, I'm
excited at this point.
I'm like, wow, excellent.
What do I get to use?
This is Wonderland.
So I go to the other
end and grab my tray,
and I start going down the line.
And I push each button.
You know, I'm going
to push them all
because I want to
see what happens.
And the first one had
had eggs, and second one
had a bowl of grits.
I end up with bacon and toast.
And then I picked up my
butter, and the last one
had a glass of water.
So that was probably
the happiest plate
of plain scrambled eggs
I ever had in my life.
>>JAY: So these
replicators, they
can make any food you want?
>>RICE: Well, they're
pre-programmed for what
the meal is that day, but
you just get to select,
and whether you want it or not.
>>JAY: Right.
That day was a very,
very busy day for you--
>>RICE: It was.
>>JAY: --your second
day in the Secret Space
Program, second time around.
So let's talk about
your daily life
during this training,
what you were
doing, what you were
learning, all the things that
were going on.
>>RICE: Sure.
So that day was spent walking
from one side to the other,
getting to know people,
signing up for--
[SCOFFS] signing up for
pay, which never ended up
coming through after 20 years.
But that was, again, part
of the disinformation,
keep people's morale
up and thinking
that they're going to get paid.
Then another thing
that day that we did
was to go ahead and pick
up the number of postcards
that we're going to be
sending to our family.
Again, that was part of
their process of making sure
that questions weren't
asked back home about people
that were missing.
>>JAY: And what would they do?
Like, all these postcards, you
fill out a whole bunch of them,
and then they would
just slowly send them
like every few months?
>>RICE: Yeah.
I found it very peculiar writing
a happy birthday for somebody
that--
writing a happy belated
birthday as in I
was writing it late
for somebody that was
having a birthday in a year.
So yeah, that was
one of the things.
They had an exact
number of cards
they wanted us to fill out.
And they told us what to put
on there in our own writing.
But they told us what it was.
And I get the feeling that
it was AI-generated dialogue
that they had us put on there.
>>JAY: So you
think some computer
was kicking all this out.
>>RICE: Yeah, I think it was
a computer kicking it out
based on our psych profile.
And each one was customized.
So if you never ever sent a card
late, you wouldn't-- like me--
you wouldn't have to write
a belated early happy late
birthday.
>>JAY: Yeah.
>>RICE: Another one
of the stops that day
was in the
psychiatrist's office.
And part of the process
for sending you back
is having a very specific
baseline on when you came in.
I didn't realize it at
the time, but it was also
for the purposes
of the mind wipe so
that they know how
things happened,
what happened, exactly
what color things were.
Where was this?
And where was that?
Where were you?
And they ask you 12 ways from
Sunday the same question.
And you're sitting in a chair.
They've got sensors on the
walls and in the ceiling that
can monitor your biorhythms
to see if you're lying or not,
similar to a polygraph except
10 or 15 times more advanced.
And that happened every
week, one day a week.
>>JAY: And this was
done because they
knew they were going
to wipe your mind,
and so all the
memories would be gone,
so they had to make sure
that they got it all down.
>>RICE: That they
got it all down.
>>JAY: Interesting.
OK, so now that you've
gotten that, what
did you do next on this day?
>>RICE: The large part
of that morning was spent
in the medical lab section
and had to do with some
of the enhancements that the--
>>JAY: What enhancements?
>>RICE: The enhancements
that we were being given
were the nanite
enhancement therapy.
>>JAY: Why would they do this?
>>RICE: What they told us,
the reason for the NET,
the Nanite
Enhancement Therapies,
was to give us the best
chances of survival.
Because--
>>JAY: Well, how
would they help?
How would it help you survive?
>>RICE: Well, every single bone,
lymphatic, glandular, organ,
tissue, there wasn't
a single system
in the body that
wasn't enhanced,
that didn't have a nanite
enhancement put on it.
It would add to your
abilities for your vision,
for your hearing,
for controlling
your adrenal glands.
Say, for instance, if
you were in a situation
where you didn't have food
and you needed to control
your hunger, you could do that.
And you could adjust how your
body is distributing nutrients.
You could adjust your eyesight.
You could zoom on your eyesight.
You could see in the dark.
>>JAY: Wow.
>>RICE: You could hear things
at different frequencies
that humans aren't
normally able to hear.
The standard protocols
for every cell,
every system in your body,
are radiation protocols,
which are for repairing
damage from radiation because
of being in space.
>>JAY: Right.
>>RICE: And so you may
get a certain type of NET
for, say, your organs,
and a different type
for your auditory, and yet a
different type for your joints.
But all of them get the
anti-radiation protocols.
>>JAY: And it
sounds a little bit
like they're trying to
create a super soldier.
>>RICE: It does.
It does, but we didn't
look at it that way.
We looked at it like putting
on a suit of armor, protection,
like something that was--
because it didn't change
our natural strengths
and weaknesses.
It helped to augment them.
And the training that we went
through wasn't geared towards,
hey, you're a better
person, and you're
a premium, optimal
example of a human.
No, these are tools
that you have to use.
And it took all of the 18 months
of learning from the training
to learn how to use the
different nanite enhancements.
>>JAY: Are these
nanites still in you?
>>RICE: No.
>>JAY: Are they flushed
out of the body or what?
>>RICE: They are flushed out
at the end of the 20 and Back.
And as part of
the out-processing
that you go through
for the age regression,
you also get cleansed
of all the nanites.
>>JAY: These nanites
also control your health?
>>RICE: They
control your health.
They control your
blood sugar level.
They control the healing
response that your body has.
It doesn't take over.
It just augments.
So if it would take two weeks
to heal a cut on your arm,
it would speed up the process so
that it would take only hours.
>>JAY: Can these
nanites be hacked?
>>RICE: Yes.
>>JAY: They can.
>>RICE: They can.
>>JAY: Wow.
>>RICE: And we were
scanned regularly,
and I didn't realize it
at the time what for.
But knowing what I know now,
we were scanned regularly
for the AI threat.
>>JAY: Could you run faster too?
>>RICE: Not necessarily
faster, but if you
could maintain your top
speed unenhanced, say,
for a mile and a half,
you could do it for five.
>>JAY: Wow.
>>RICE: So it's not
that you went faster,
but your abilities
to sustain yourself
at a high-performance
level were enhanced.
>>JAY: What about
reaction times?
Did they increase?
>>RICE: The reaction
times for us
were driven mostly by the
intuitive empath abilities.
>>JAY: Ah, right.
>>RICE: So not necessarily
were they sped up.
>>JAY: Because you
already have the equipment
with the intuitive
empathic ability,
so you don't really need that.
>>RICE: Yes, yep.
>>JAY: That's
interesting how this
is all kind of coming together.
Very well thought out
how they did this.
>>RICE: Yeah.
It was not anything new.
We weren't Guinea pigs.
That was a well-developed,
very mature program.
>>JAY: Again, we'll take a
look at your hypnosis session.
>>HYPNOTIST: When he
talked about changes,
what sort of changes
was he talking about?
To the physical body?
>>RICE: The changes
that I'd seen
in the last day, the medical
in-processing involved
enhancements,
nanite enhancements.
>>HYPNOTIST: What
does that mean?
>>RICE: Microscopic machines--
>>HYPNOTIST: Oh, OK.
>>RICE: --injected
into our bodies
so that we would have
enhanced systems.
Everything in the
body was affected.
>>HYPNOTIST:
Everything is affected?
>>RICE: Everything was affected.
>>HYPNOTIST: Yeah, in what way?
>>RICE: If nothing else, it was
for anti-radiation protocols.
>>HYPNOTIST: Oh, OK.
>>RICE: Some of it was for
different poison protocols,
enhanced vision, enhanced
hearing, healing abilities,
enhancements to our pituitary
glands, to our pineal glands.
>>HYPNOTIST: The
glandular system as well?
>>RICE: All of them.
>>HYPNOTIST: Mhm, make
you efficient machines.
>>RICE: Yes, the better to use.
>>HYPNOTIST: Better use, oh.
Did they tell you how they
were going to use you--
>>RICE: No.
>>HYPNOTIST: --this
efficient machine?
>>RICE: No.
>>HYPNOTIST: No?
>>RICE: No, they didn't, except
that we were going to be used
off planet--
>>HYPNOTIST: Off planet, oh, OK.
>>RICE: --out of
our solar system.
>>JAY: How many soldiers were
in with you in this training?
>>RICE: The total number
of Earth-provided soldiers
amounts to about 24,000.
>>JAY: And were they
all different races?
>>RICE: Different races.
>>JAY: And sexes?
>>RICE: Male, female,
different countries.
>>JAY: Sizes?
Tall, short?
>>RICE: Full range.
>>JAY: Any majority
race, Chinese or-- no?
>>RICE: No.
>>JAY: Nothing like that.
>>RICE: Only program that
I'm aware of is the MILAB.
However, other
countries have to have
their own means of recruiting,
training, selecting.
So I imagine that other
countries are probably
either modeled after,
or are copies of,
or are very similar
to the MILAB program.
But they do exist.
>>JAY: So how many
people were in your unit?
>>RICE: The smallest
unit size was a squad.
>>JAY: A squad.
>>RICE: And they consisted
of eight to nine individuals.
And then going out from
there was a platoon.
And then there were four
platoons per company
and two to three
companies per battalion.
It's arranged very similar
to Western military order
of battle.
>>JAY: Right.
So you're at this
training facility.
You've now used the
food replicator.
You've brush your teeth
with this odd nano-thing.
And now it's the
day of the briefing.
It's a day and a half later.
They've told you they're
going to brief you.
>>RICE: Finally, some answers.
>>JAY: Right.
So what happened
at the briefing?
>>RICE: Well, we walked in
and go into the auditorium.
And all of the other
trainees from my class
were in there at the same time.
And they have a
packet waiting for you
because the auditorium is set
up like a college classroom that
has one of the foldable desks
alongside of the chair--
no frills, very basic.
But on each of the desks
where we were to sit
was a package waiting for
us that included paperwork
for signing, more information
on what we were doing.
They started the briefing.
The colonel that was in charge
of the training regiment
came up, and he was German,
and started the briefing
by telling us that
we were asked here
because we have special talents
and abilities that they need.
And what we were
going to be used for
was the tip of the spear,
patriotism, stars, stripes,
all the things that appeal to
a young officer that's looking
to help out his country.
We were going to be helping
planets defend their planets
from alien invasion.
>>JAY: Really?
And he was German?
>>RICE: He was German.
>>JAY: A thick German accent?
>>RICE: A thick German accent.
>>JAY: Really?
And he wasn't US
military because this
isn't the US military.
>>RICE: No, he was not.
And another thing I
noticed at the briefing
that a lot of the senior brass
up on stage were also German
and that there was no--
and they all had thick accents.
And there were no Western
or European senior officers
present on the stage.
>>JAY: Wow.
That probably alerted you
right away there's something--
>>RICE: That was a
big sign at first.
>>JAY: Yeah, that's
very interesting.
So then what happened?
>>RICE: Well, they talked about
the origins of their program
in which there was no mention
of alien ETs or assistance
from aliens.
>>JAY: They took all the
credit for the themselves.
>>RICE: Took all
the credit for it.
>>JAY: I knew you were
going to say that.
>>RICE: Did not
say anything at all
about a breakaway civilizations,
didn't say anything at all
about the Earth's cabal,
no mention of that at all.
They talked about
how much money we'd
end up with at the end
of our 20 and Back,
we would get credited
with on our return.
Of course, they were
going to charge us
for room and board and
some of the equipment
that we'd be using
and going through.
But it was just minor charges.
>>JAY: Really?
They were charging you?
>>RICE: By taking it back out.
>>JAY: Oh, my god.
>>RICE: And so at
the end of the day,
we were supposed to have this
nice, fat, shiny check waiting
for us.
There was no mention
of mind wipe.
There was discussion
about the 20 and Back
and that when we're finished
with our term of service
that they had the technological
ability to regress our age
and then send us back in time
to the point in which we left.
>>JAY: So you're going to be 24.
And you're going back with a--
>>RICE: A nice
retirement nest egg.
>>JAY: What a great life.
>>RICE: They made
it sound that way.
>>JAY: Yeah.
>>RICE: Yeah, they didn't
mention anything about the mind
wipes or--
>>JAY: What did you do with
your money when you got back?
>>RICE: [LAUGHS] What money?
>>JAY: You mean the Germans
weren't telling you the truth?
>>RICE: They weren't
telling us the truth.
Imagine that.
>>JAY: I can't
even believe that.
>>RICE: The history
that they presented in
that briefing was very spotty.
It did not have much in
the way of information.
The information
that they put forth
was more of the
propaganda side of it,
of how great it was that we
were going to be helping out,
and how much benefit
we'd be providing
to not only our own families and
country but to the human race.
It was a load of BS.
It was the propaganda
lies that they use
to try and get people on board.
>>JAY: Right.
And it worked.
>>RICE: And it worked.
Of course, it did.
There was no mention of what
they were going to do later
at the end of our training.
Similar to Cortes
burning his ships,
they notified our families
that we had died in action.
So if we wanted to,
we couldn't go back
because all our families
thought we were dead.
They either provided no
body, in which it was just
an empty casket, or they
provided a clone in the cases.
And they provided some
clones so that people
would have a body that looked
just like their loved one
to bury.
>>JAY: Wow.
>>RICE: And so there
was no turning back.
They didn't tell us that.
They didn't say
anything about that.
[THEME MUSIC]